[Music]
tell us your name and we'll tell you
everything about your future soulmate
who doesn't want a sneak peek of who the
love of their life will be we're
definitely all curious in that way but
what if we said that you could find out
a lot about your future life partner
just through your name sounds intriguing
right so grab a pen and a piece of paper
because it's test time but before you
learn about your soulmate click
subscribe and turn on this little
notification bell right here now you
won't miss any of the fun news and
exciting updates coming daily from the
bright side of life now back to the test
you'll have to answer a couple of simple
questions about your name for each given
answer you'll get 1 to 5 points so make
sure you write down all of your results
the rest is simple add up your points to
learn the first letter of your future
partner's name along with some other
interesting details that's all for the
instructions part so are you ready then
let's get started
question number 1 let's go back to the
moment when your parents were trying to
find the perfect name for you why did
they choose the name you have now a it
sounds really good with my last name so
they decided it was a perfect match
B they named me after a family member C
my name has a beautiful meaning so that
was the main reason D they chose this
name because of their religion its
traditional or they named you after a
character from a movie or book II no
specific reason they just liked the name
[Music]
if your answer is a write down two
points if it's be your first result is
five points you get four points four
answer C and 3 points for answer D
finally e gets you one point moving on
question number two how long is your
name a three letters or less be four to
five letters C between six and seven
letters D it has eight or nine letters e
it's pretty long with more than nine
letters okay so answer a gives you one
point while answer B equals two points C
gets three points and you get 4 points
for D and last but not least E is a
solid five point
[Music]
question number three what about the
first letter of your name what is it
a a j k N or X B B F L u z c c r v W or
Y D D H o Q or s e e g i m p or t if
it's one of the letters under option a
you get one point the prize for answer B
is five points C equals 3 points and D
and E are four and two points
respectively let's keep going
question number four is your name
popular a yeah it's really popular B
it's quite popular see it's rather
average D it's kind of unusual e it's
really rare
[Music]
so if option a is perfect for you here's
your one point if B is your go-to write
down two points for this one C gives you
three points and D and E equal four and
five points respectively question number
five do you have a nickname a yep I have
more than one actually people rarely
call me by my real name
B I have one or two C sure I have one
but only a few people call me by it D I
have one but surprisingly people don't
really call me by it
E no not really if your choice is a it's
five points answer B gives you four
points C equals two points D equals
three points and finally you get one
point for E okay we think we already
know the first letter of your soul mates
name but we need a bit more information
about you to figure out your partner's
personality so let's get to this quick
part question number six how do you feel
about performing do you like dancing
singing or acting a love it it's
definitely something I'd love to do in
the future
B I'm really enjoy it yes see and that's
so sure D I can do something like this
but only with my friends by my side
E and nope that's certainly not my cup
of tea
a stands for five points while B equals
four points you can write down two
points for C and 3 points for D e as
usual gives you only one point question
number seven what about math was it your
best or worst subject at school a math
comes naturally to me so I'm pretty good
at it
B that was all right not my strongest
point but not my weakest one either see
I hated math with all my heart I'm
definitely a see if a describes you
perfectly here's your 1 point B gives
you three points and C provides you with
a whole five points question number 8
how do you usually feel when you're
watching a highly emotional movie a to
be honest it's a real emotional roller
coaster for me I cry when it's sad I
laugh when it's happy and they get
really invested in the story
B I definitely feel for the characters
follow the story carefully and shed a
tear from time to time see it depends on
the story but I'm usually good at being
emotionally stable even during the sad
scenes D
I mostly appreciate the creative
screenplay and amazing acting but I
rarely get emotional II I'm not really
that emotional
sad movies rarely make me bawl my eyes
out so for option a you're rewarded with
five points B is the equivalent of three
points C gives you four points and D
equals two points if your faith is e
then add one point to the Mex question
number nine what's the most important
thing in a relationship for you a having
fun together and feeling like you can be
your true self around your partner B
lifting each other up and being friends
before anything else C having a deep
understanding and creating a unit okay
so a gives you five points B is three
points and C gives you one point one
more question and we're done here guys
question number ten let's throw one sad
question into the mix have you ever been
heartbroken a I get really emotionally
attached to people so yeah I get
heartbroken pretty much every time I
lose someone who has a special place in
my heart
B yup and definitely more than once
twice or even three times C
unfortunately yes this happened a few
times D thankfully I was only in this
situation once e no way I'm good at
protecting my heart
the beautiful answer under the letter a
gives you five points B stands for four
points you get three points for C and
two for D and all those strong be people
receive one powerful point and there you
go
count your points guys and girls the
results are in if you scored 10 to 17
points
you're pretty practical and reserved
right you are independent to a fault and
can do anything you put your mind to
even though you aren't really looking
for anything serious you still wouldn't
mind a partner who's as strong and
responsible as you are but who can add a
bit of spontaneity to your life at the
same time look no further than guys and
girls whose names start with a k j r or
b their your true soul mates if you got
18 to 26 points you are probably a
perfectionist you like things done in a
certain way and order and your love life
is the same you know what works for you
and what doesn't all you need is someone
who matches the image of the perfect man
or woman in your head someone has
determined calm and idealistic as you
are
guys and girls whose names start with F
H T s and O can give you that and
anything else you're looking for in a
relationship 27 to 35 points suggest you
are a kind and social butterfly your
perfect man or woman should be as
laid-back as you are someone who is
witty funny and ready to explore the
world with you guys and girls whose
names start with E C L X V or W are
naturally cool loyal and charismatic
moreover they're wonderful talkers and
communicators so you'll have long and
meaningful conversations while having
fun at the same time a powerful couple
in the making if you got 36 to 44 points
your love life is definitely very
important to you you know how much time
and effort relationships consume and
you're willing to do everything
necessary for someone who's worth it
you're also open to new people and
experience
which means you'll find your special
someone in no time
maybe it'll be someone whose name starts
with D I M P or Q take a closer look at
these guys and girls as they have strong
family values and would be a perfect
match for you finally if your results
are higher than 44 points you're highly
emotional and very romantic your
emotions are very bright and colorful
you cry easily laugh easily and tend to
have a positive outlook on life if
anyone knows what love is it's you
therefore you need someone who will
treasure you and your huge caring kind
heart
guys and girls whose names start with G
u Y N or Z will always be by your side
and will provide you with the exact
level of commitment you need so what do
you think about your results tell us in
the comments below if you enjoyed this
fun video give us a like and share with
your friends so they'll know more about
their future love too if you want to see
more videos like this click Subscribe
and join us on the bright side of life
see you soon